ID!ISBN|TITLE|AUTHOR|BLURB
1001|0071808558|Java: The Complete Reference, Ninth Edition|Herbert Schildt|Fully updated for Java SE 8, Java: The Complete Reference, Ninth Edition explains how to develop, compile, debug, and run Java programs. Bestselling programming author Herb Schildt covers the entire Java language, including its syntax, keywords, and fundamental programming principles, as well as significant portions of the Java API library. JavaBeans, servlets, applets, and Swing are examined and real-world examples demonstrate Java in action. 
1002|0071809252|Java: A Beginner's Guide, Sixth Edition|Herbert Schildt|Fully updated for Java Platform, Standard Edition 8 (Java SE 8), Java: A Beginner's Guide, Sixth Edition gets you started programming in Java right away. Bestselling programming author Herb Schildt begins with the basics, such as how to create, compile, and run a Java program. He then moves on to the keywords, syntax, and constructs that form the core of the Java language. This Oracle Press resource also covers some of Java's more advanced features, including multithreaded programming, generics, and Swing. Of course, new Java SE 8 features such as lambda expressions and default interface methods are described.
1003|0321356683|Effective Java (2nd Edition)|Joshua Bloch|Are you looking for a deeper understanding of the Java™ programming language so that you can write code that is clearer, more correct, more robust, and more reusable? Look no further! Effective Java™, Second Edition, brings together seventy-eight indispensable programmer’s rules of thumb: working, best-practice solutions for the programming challenges you encounter every day.
1004|1617291994A|Java 8 in Action: Lambdas, Streams, and functional-style programming|Raoul-Gabriel Urma Mario Fusco, Alan Mycroft|Java 8 in Action is a clearly written guide to the new features of Java 8. The book covers lambdas, streams, and functional-style programming. With Java 8's functional features you can now write more concise code in less time, and also automatically benefit from multicore architectures. It's time to dig in!
1005|1449370829|Java in a Nutshell|Benjamin J. Evans David, David Flanagan|The latest edition of Java in a Nutshell is designed to help experienced Java programmers get the most out of Java 7 and 8, but it’s also a learning path for new developers. Chock full of examples that demonstrate how to take complete advantage of modern Java APIs and development best practices, the first section of this thoroughly updated book provides a fast-paced, no-fluff introduction to the Java programming language and the core runtime aspects of the Java platform.
1006|1935182943|Making Java Groovy|Ken Kousen|Making Java Groovy is a practical handbook for developers who want to blend Groovy into their day-to-day work with Java. It starts by introducing the key differences between Java and Groovy—and how you can use them to your advantage. Then, it guides you step-by-step through realistic development challenges, from web applications to web services to desktop applications, and shows how Groovy makes them easier to put into production.
1007|1935182447|Groovy in Action|Dierk Konig, Paul King, Guillaume Laforge, Hamlet D'Arcy, Cedric Champeau, Erik Pragt, Jon Skeet|Groovy in Action, Second Edition is a thoroughly revised, comprehensive guide to Groovy programming. It introduces Java developers to the dynamic features that Groovy provides, and shows how to apply Groovy to a range of tasks including building new apps, integration with existing code, and DSL development. Covers Groovy 2.4.
1008|0978739299|Groovy Recipes: Greasing the Wheels of Java|Scott Davis|Each recipe in Groovy Recipes begins with a concise code example for a quick start, followed by in-depth explanation in plain English. These recipes will get you to-to-speed in a Groovy environment quickly.
1009|1617291307|Gradle in Action|Benjamin Muschko|Gradle in Action is a comprehensive guide to end-to-end project automation with Gradle. Starting with the basics, this practical, easy-to-read book discusses how to build a full-fledged, real-world project. Along the way, it touches on advanced topics like testing, continuous integration, and monitoring code quality. You'll also explore tasks like setting up your target environment and deploying your software.
1010|9781617290060|The Well-Grounded Java Developer|Heinz Kabutz|The Well-Grounded Java Developer starts with thorough coverage of Java 7 features like try-with-resources and NIO.2. You'll then explore a cross-section of emerging JVM-based languages, including Groovy, Scala, and Clojure. You will find clear examples that are practical and that help you dig into dozens of valuable development techniques showcasing modern approaches to the dev process, concurrency, performance, and much more.
1011|9781930110434|Bitter Java|Bruce Tate|It is a well-known fact that most software projects fail. Drawing important lessons from common failures is the goal of Bitter Java.Reusing design patterns is not enough for success: patterns are like partial maps of dangerous terrain. They help, but don't prevent you from getting lost. Bitter Java teaches you how to recognize when you are lost, and how to get back on the right path. It illustrates common pitfalls of Java programming through code examples; it then refactors the code and explains why the new solutions are safe.
1012|9781930110960|Eclipse in Action A Guide  for Java Developers|David Gallardo, Ed Burnette, Robert McGovern|Eclipse in Action provides a thorough guide to using Eclipse features and plugins effectively in the context of real-world Java development. Realistic examples demonstrate how to use Eclipse effectively to build, test and debug applications using the tools provided by Eclipse and other third-party open source plugins. The reader will learn how to use plugin tools for using Eclipse in a team environment, including using Ant for more sophisticated build processes and CVS for source control. Plugin-ins for building web applications, using J2EE technologies, such as JSP/Servlets and EJB, are also discussed.
